Effective ways to attract developers to your company.md, before:

In this course, we discussed about effective strategies and methods to attract and retain good developers, which I view as very helpful, practical and relevant in the context of running real-world technology companies. I would like to briefly summarize my takeaways for this topic. 

I learnt that the key is to show non-engineering value to programmers by offering fast-track professional development trajectory, personal growth opportunity, strong sense of ownership, favorable corporate culture and working vibe, adequate flexibilities such as work from home arrangement and unlimited vacation and so on, in addition to attractive financial rewards in a combination of cash compensation and stock upside. Moreover, equally importantly the managers should understand and respect developers and their work. A typical example is always try to avoid saying the word “just”. I could indeed echo this point as I was an engineering major for undergrad and used to spent hours programming in computer labs just to debug a few lines of codes. I understand that a seemingly simple function may require much more intellectual / coding efforts than people generally imagine. This class offers many useful and practical insights as to how to bridge the worlds of businessmen and developers. Mutual understanding and efficient communication is of utmost importance to establish a strong relationship. 

Here is an article I found on internet discussing how to work with software engineers which might be interesting to read from a business school student perspective. [Link](https://www.kennorton.com/essays/how-to-work-with-software-engineers.html)

![Meme](http://www.techigniter.in/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/wall.png)

Commit message:

Update Effective ways to attract developers to your company.md

Effective ways to attract developers to your company.md, after:

In this course, we discussed about effective strategies and methods to attract and retain good developers, which I view as very helpful, practical and relevant in the context of running real-world technology companies. I would like to briefly summarize my takeaways for this topic. 

I learnt that the key is to show non-engineering value to programmers by offering fast-track professional development trajectory, personal growth opportunity, strong sense of ownership, favorable corporate culture and working vibe, adequate flexibilities such as work from home arrangement and unlimited vacation and so on, in addition to attractive financial rewards in a combination of cash compensation and stock upside. Moreover, equally importantly the managers should understand and respect developers and their work. A typical example is always try to avoid saying the word “just”. I could indeed echo this point as I was an engineering major for undergrad and used to spent hours programming in computer labs just to debug a few lines of codes. I understand that a seemingly simple function may require much more intellectual / coding efforts than people generally imagine. This class offers many useful and practical insights as to how to bridge the worlds of businessmen and developers. Mutual understanding and efficient communication is of utmost importance to establish a strong relationship. 

Here is an article I found on internet discussing how to work with software engineers which might be interesting to read from a business school student perspective. [Link](https://www.kennorton.com/essays/how-to-work-with-software-engineers.html)

This is another piece of article talking about how to hire software developers for your perusal. [Link](https://www.toptal.com/freelance/in-search-of-the-elite-few-finding-and-hiring-the-best-developers-in-the-industry)

![Meme](http://www.techigniter.in/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/wall.png)
