How To Retain Developers.md, before:

#How to retain developers: Lessons from Digital Literacy Class

One of the key takeaways I gathered from this class was about how to retain developers at your company. Within this topic, I found
a few main subtopics: intrinsic vs extrinsic motivations, autonomy, and structured interruption

Intrinsic vs. Extrinsic motivation & autonomy:
While most employers typically think about extrinsic motivators such as compensation or job title, many programmers (and employees in general)
place a large value on intrinsic motivation, such as autonomy, mastery and purpose. In today's market, where demand for programmers
is quite high, being able to provide these intrinsic benefits is key to retaining good employees. Allowing for autonomy in a programmers 
work will help provide this greater sense of purpose, as they become an integral part of the team and of the business, as opposed to simply 
a means to an end for a project.

You can learn more about intrinsic motivation from Daniel Pink's "Drive"
http://www.amazon.com/Drive-Surprising-Truth-About-Motivates/dp/1594484805
![Image of Book]
(http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/419tQKzU2jL._SX330_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg)

Structured Interruption:
Structured interruption follows on the autonomy idea. While all else equal it is ideal to have a programmer working in the same office
as you, you do not want to be constantly tapping them on the shoulder to discuss ideas, as this will lower productivity. Therefore, you should
schedule "structured interruption," where you can break to have check-ins, brainstorms, etc.

While I came away with many learnings from the course, retaining developers was an area I felt particularly relevant and important.

Commit message:

Update How To Retain Developers.md
Incorporated new changes

How To Retain Developers.md, after:

#How to retain developers: Lessons from Digital Literacy Class

One of the key takeaways I gathered from this class was about how to retain developers at your company. Within this topic, I found
a few main subtopics: intrinsic vs extrinsic motivations, autonomy, and structured interruption

Intrinsic vs. Extrinsic motivation & autonomy:
While most employers typically think about extrinsic motivators such as compensation or job title, many programmers (and employees in general)
place a large value on intrinsic motivation, such as autonomy, mastery and purpose. In today's market, where demand for programmers
is quite high, being able to provide these intrinsic benefits is key to retaining good employees. Allowing for autonomy in a programmers 
work will help provide this greater sense of purpose, as they become an integral part of the team and of the business, as opposed to simply 
a means to an end for a project.

A good example of this in practice is Google's 20% program, which allows employees to take 20% of their work time for side projects, which encourages innovation and provides a great deal of autonomy, helping to reduce employee turnover.

Other things employers can do in this regard is increase flexibility of their employees such as allowing them to work from home a certain percentage of the time, and providing unlimited vaction days.

In addition, companies can provide opportunities for their developers to rise through the ranks and take on more responsibility as the company grows.

You can learn more about intrinsic motivation from Daniel Pink's "Drive"
http://www.amazon.com/Drive-Surprising-Truth-About-Motivates/dp/1594484805
![Image of Book]
(http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/419tQKzU2jL._SX330_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg)

Structured Interruption:
Structured interruption follows on the autonomy idea. While all else equal it is ideal to have a programmer working in the same office
as you, you do not want to be constantly tapping them on the shoulder to discuss ideas, as this will lower productivity. Therefore, you should
schedule "structured interruption," where you can break to have check-ins, brainstorms, etc.

While I came away with many learnings from the course, retaining developers was an area I felt particularly relevant and important.
