lean startup approach to building an MVP.md, before:

#Lean Startup Approach to building a Minimal Viable Product

The idea of using a lean start-up approach to building a minimal viable product (MVP) resonated with me the most. 

As with any startup/idea when there may be budget, employee or other constraints it is important to understand or identify the
specific need you are building for while validating the idea and hypothesis first.

For example, if one is deciding to start a new subscription based service that sends sample of organic snacks to your home, below are
some ways to test the idea first:
1. Wireframing.Demo - create a mock-up of what you may want it to look like to see if there is interest.
2. Landing page - create a landing page where users can signup with the email to show interest.
3. Email first surveying - reach out/partner with organic brands/stores to tap their customer base to see if there is interest.
4. Physical Protoyping - get some samples of the products and sample them out.
5. Kickstarter campagin/video - create an explainer video to generate interest and raise capital to begin the work.

You can learn more about this from the book "The Lean Start Up by Eric Ries": http://www.amazon.com/The-Lean-Startup-Entrepreneurs-Continuous/dp/0307887898


![Image of Book]
(http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51vN15YCJyL._SX329_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg)

Commit message:

Update lean startup approach to building an MVP.md
Updated bsed on feedback from zainie and hanaabbas

lean startup approach to building an MVP.md, after:

#Lean Startup Approach to building a Minimal Viable Product

The idea of using a lean start-up approach to building a minimal viable product (MVP) resonated with me the most. 

As with any startup/idea when there may be budget, employee or other constraints it is important to understand or identify the
specific need you are building for while validating the idea and hypothesis first.

For example, if one is deciding to start a new subscription based service that sends sample of organic snacks to your home, below are
some ways to test the idea first:

1. Wireframing.Demo - create a mock-up of what you may want it to look like to see if there is interest.

2. Landing page - create a landing page where users can signup with the email to show interest.

3. Customer feedback Survey - setting up customer reviews and surveying feedback directly from the customer

4. Email first surveying - reach out/partner with organic brands/stores to tap their customer base to see if there is interest.

5. Physical Protoyping - get some samples of the products and sample them out.

6. Kickstarter campagin/video - create an explainer video to generate interest and raise capital to begin the work.

You can learn more about this from the book "The Lean Start Up by Eric Ries": http://www.amazon.com/The-Lean-Startup-Entrepreneurs-Continuous/dp/0307887898


![Image of Book]
(http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51vN15YCJyL._SX329_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg)
